first guest tonight spent nine years as
co-owner of
the texas rangers baseball team before
deciding to go into his father's
business
which is being president of the united
states he is now
an artist with a new book of paintings
and stories
called out of many one portraits of
america's immigrants
please welcome president george w bush
hello mr president jimmy
it's good to see you
thanks for joining us sounds like you
got a
bunch of drunks there yeah that's
that's the least of it
you i was hoping that you would be able
to come out to uh see you in person and
celebrate 4
20 together the night before the show
how are you doing how's everything going
we're you're in your office right now
yeah right here in dallas thank you
everything's great jimmy and thank you
for having me on the show it's uh
i'm sorry i'm not there as well last
time i had a blast
i had so much fun with you last time i
think we had almost too much fun because
i had so many questions that i didn't
get to
and one of them which was like something
i really wanted to ask
about is something that turned out
hillary clinton wrote about in her book
she said that after trump you remember
that guy
yeah after trump gave his uh his speech
at the inauguration
you turned around and said to a small
group of people including her
that was some weird
is that is that an
accurate account of what was said you
know i can't remember
[Applause]
that's a very good answer can you
remember this is something i was
thinking about today too
do you remember the nuclear codes like
i'm sure they
changed them i hope they changed them
but um
do you remember yours let me tell you
something i couldn't even say the word
[Laughter]
nuclear
in president obama's book uh he wrote
that on the night the navy seals team
six
killed osama bin laden he phoned you he
called you to let you know first do you
remember
where you were and what was going on
when you got that call
i do remember uh i got a call from uh
logan who uh is my assistant
i was eating a souffle
guess what the name of the restaurant is
rise
rice rice oh yes get it souffle
rice oh yeah right sure yeah okay
and so i i hustled home
she said the president wants to speak to
you and i'm sorry i
left my souffle and went home and uh
he got on the phone and said we got bin
laden and uh you know
i was uh very grateful he called me
appreciative of that
that he took time and i was very pleased
for our military and our intelligence
community to hunt the guy down
and yet i feel like obama owes you a
souffle
yeah he does everyone is i think very
interested you're probably tired of
talking about your friendship with
michelle obama but
i know that is a real thing and not just
something that
sounds like fun but i wonder how
like as far as friends go like do you
have her phone number in your cell phone
no you do not okay nor does she have
mine but
here's here's the thing uh i go to a lot
of funerals
yeah and so does she
okay and because of protocol i'm always
stuck next to her or she's always stuck
next to me
and uh i get a little antsy during the
long-winded eulogies
and so i start cracking a few jokes
and uh
funeral jokes and uh
and she seems to think they're funny so
i'm i'm delighted
does barack have a relationship a
similar relationship a relationship of
any of
kind with laura no he does not
no i don't know he doesn't sit there he
doesn't sit next to her in the funerals
all right well that makes sense i heard
that a big reason that you got
vaccinated is because
you wanted to get back to baseball games
is that true
well i was asked you know what do i look
forward to
after being vaccinated i said going to a
baseball game
i should have said seeing my grandkids
but yeah
baseball well you can take them have you
been to a baseball game yet
i have i went to opening day okay
you own the texas rangers did you know
you bought the texas rangers like
something like 39 years ago today
i know yeah and when you bought them i
know you didn't own the whole team you
owned
a piece of the team a sliver of the team
how much did you buy the team for do you
remember
89 million and do you know what it's
worth now
probably uh i'd say 800 million no
almost 2 billion dollars
thank you for bringing that up
i got a few stock tips for you too
how hands-on were you with the team like
would you get down to take batting
practice or do any of that kind of stuff
no it's pretty much a jocks and socks
guy you know they're after the game
picking up all the
laundry
[Laughter]
we went to a lot of games and i sat down
with the fans
which was fine until we started losing
uh
yeah yeah i would imagine that that's no
fun yeah it's
one of the things about being an owner
is like you're probably a wealthy guy
who never gets any abuse at all and then
suddenly
the team starts losing you are abused
constantly
yeah but i was used to the abuse
how much golf would you say is an
appropriate amount of golf to play when
you're president of the united states
i played i played my first year and then
when we had troops in combat i didn't
play at all
because of the optics because i didn't
want some mother seeing
his kids in combat seeing the commander
commander-in-chief out there playing
golf so i didn't play any
that makes a lot of sense would you
would you play golf at a trump property
probably not why not
[Applause]
because i like my properties here in
dallas i sing it all right
are you at all jealous that you didn't
think of the space force
yes
you know last time you were here we did
talk about something that i'm very
interested in and as i've said a
number of occasions the first thing i
would do if i was president is go
right to the ufo files and find out
what's going on you did not
shed any light on that situation but now
there's a video
i wonder if you've seen this video that
has been um
verified by the pentagon and it
seems to be this video is either a
dorito or a ufo or possibly a slice of
pizza
nobody knows for sure but it is an
unidentified
flying object or something like that
now okay now that this has been verified
by the pentagon
would you be surprised if we were
visited by creatures
from another planet yeah you would be
would you be
well yeah yeah but i haven't seen
anything and i think it's interesting
that you said you'd be surprised
because if you've seen evidence so
you're saying there is no evidence
president clinton told me that if he had
seen evidence
he would tell everyone that he'd seen it
do you feel the same way
no no you wouldn't
you don't think we can handle it i'm
afraid
it might spin you into orbit okay all
right all right i got nothing out of
that all right well we have many things
to talk about this is president bush's
new book
of paintings and stories it's called out
of many one we will be right back
with president bush we'll use about a
dozen colors or some
unorthodox brushes and each show i'll
show you how to put some
natured masterpieces right here on the
canvas so i tell you what let's get
started
that is president bush the painter
this is a book out of many one
uh mr president you wrote an op-ed in
the washington post on friday in which
you uh called for
immigration reform and you said some
things that i don't think uh
too many people in your party agree with
is that fair to say i don't think so i
think a lot of people in my party agree
with what i wrote
i think there's some loud voices that
you know send a different signal but
i think i think most republicans would
like to see rational immigration reform
is your artwork this either
subconsciously or subconsciously a
reaction to
four years of calling immigrants
murderers and rapists and all sorts of
horrible things
my artwork is an attempt to elevate the
debate on immigration
i i want people to uh to take a hard
look at what immigration
immigrants have meant to our country and
not fear immigration
but to welcome it within the law and uh
you know i got a i put that washington
post editorial some rational policy
jimmy and
there are some places where we all can
agree uh like daca
or uh you know work visas uh
but i think we all mainly agree also
that we need border enforcement
and uh reforming the system will
actually make the border
not only more secure but more
compassionate
well i don't know if we all agree but
yeah i think most
certainly most americans agree on on
those subjects um i want to show you my
favorite painting in the book
i think well i'm talking about americans
oh okay yeah yes
madeleine albright yeah oh yeah that's
that is a really
really good painting dad she seen this
yes thank you if you like it i might
paint you
oh i would love that i would love
um if you could paint me in the nude i
think we'd really have something
like i don't never mind
by the way so i feel like you almost
painted me already because this guy
looks like me with my reading glasses on
yeah he's a cool guy he's a guy that
snuck in as a young boy
coyote's floating him across the rio
grande river he's now a very successful
business guy here in dallas
this is these people this is an
interesting story
this is uh tony george bush and his
mother
layla right so he was an interpreter for
our troops in baghdad
my view was anybody who helps our troops
uh
in combat should get automatic uh
you know access to the united states and
uh
they so when he filled out his
immigration form they said what will you
be called he said tony george bush
and
[Applause]
[Laughter]
i had to paint the guy of course
this is uh i think this one kind of
looks like you this this guy looks a
little bit like you
salim yeah he's from lebanon grew up
listening to bullets flying over his
head and everything came here
to get an educate high school education
is now one of a huge restaurant owner
i think he told me employs about 3 000
people and so the key thing on
some of these stories in here that
people come with a dream they work hard
and they end up employing americans yes
and speaking of people who come here on
a dream i think we all know what this
guy
is this is uh our former governor here
in california arnold schwarzenegger
who is that's a strange painting i know
but he asked he's a strange man no he's
not oh yeah he's a great i
i love him but he's a strange man
there's no question about it
why aren't you telling that to his face
i have done that
i and i will i'm going to see him monday
and i'll tell him i said you know
president bush said you're a strange man
i argued yeah thank you
that's uh arnold he asked me to paint
him that way because that was the day he
got sworn in as a citizen
which he says and he was wearing an
uncle sam's outfit
and uh he said it's one of the happiest
days of his life and hopefully i
captured that in the painting
so he selected the the photograph that
you would use to paint him
uh in fact i think we have to photograph
that yes
this is a guy that loves america it's
like
it's like he was hired at a birthday
party
do you paint people from photographs
because you don't want them sitting
there in your room with you
correct yeah right
plus they won't sit in the room with me
that long it takes a long time but yeah
i use
photos uh and this i knew i i
i got to know the people before i
painted them and so i was able to think
about their stories and
you know about their passions and about
their struggles to get here
and so it's not i didn't paint him live
of course but
it it it's almost live speaking of
passions
did your parents were they may they rest
in peace surprised by
the fact that you took up painting
surprised by your hobby
shock yeah yeah because your dad was
jumping out of planes at your age and
beyond
that's right yeah while he was jumping
i'm painting but
it's uh yeah mother so mother said i
hear your painter and i said i am mom
and she said paint my dogs
[Laughter]
and so i became a pet portrait painter
for a while
[Laughter]
oh we'll be right back with president
bush we're back with
president george w bush music from
maroon 5
is on the way mr president before
donald trump there weren't a lot of
funny clips
involving the president of the united
states but what
they're what of what there were you were
in a lot of them
and and this is
um something that i wanted to ask you
about let's roll that clip
now i have to say i was very proud of
you for dodging those shoes when it
happened because it's like
i had you were very you have very good
reflexes
my guess is that laura had done that
before
exactly now that's funny
that might be make a nice painting by
the way depicting that scene
you you dodging the shoe flying over you
something to think about for the next
one size 12.
there are many quotes that are
attributed to you
you've been known to make the occasional
verbal gaffe maybe even more than
occasional
and then now they've come up do you know
they have a thing called bush-isms
yeah yes yeah all right
now some of them are well-known like uh
when you asked uh
you know is our children learning or
this one
here and you're working hard to put food
on your family right
but there are more and i was wondering
if you even remember some of these
things so
we're gonna play a game called bush-ism
or not
all right to test your recollection
[Music]
did you say i know that human being and
fish can coexist peacefully
yes that is i know the human being
and fish can coexist peacefully
absolutely correct
and you were right on that
[Applause]
except for sharks yeah all right next i
think i've made good judgments in the
past
and i think i've made some good
judgments in the future
yogi berra said that noah let's see who
said that
i believe that i've made good judgments
in the past
and i think i've made good judgments in
the future that was former vice
president dan quayle all right you're
two for two so far
you teach a child to read and he or her
will be able to pass a literacy test
me is that him
teach a child to read and he or her will
be able to pass
a literacy test
[Applause]
three for three you're doing well here's
another one
thank you your holiness awesome speech
[Applause]
surely that wasn't me like it couldn't
have had to be somebody else
yes america
thank you awesome
he appreciated it yeah sure i mean
compliments a compliment it doesn't
matter what adjectives you use all right
fluency in english is something that i'm
not often i'm often not accused of
that's got to be me it's gotta be you
let's see
fluency in english is something that um
i'm often not accused of alex you're
almost right that was your dad
here's one i guess i'm going to fade
into bolivian
can't beat me i can't be you let's see
no no that was mike tyson yeah
have you ever met mike tyson no i
haven't you've not oh that would be
quite a meeting you should paint him
have you oh you many times yes yes
yeah yeah
yeah the three of us should get dinner
together sometime
okay next quote is it'll take time to
restore
chaos surely that's not
me it'll take time to restore chaos
you're being misquoted by yourself i
have one more for you
okay too many ob gyns aren't able to
practice their love with women all
across this country
[Applause]
that's me too many ob
gyns aren't able to practice their their
love with women all across this country
well thank you for playing let's close
with a quote from one of the great
gaffers of them all
yogi berra who said i never said most of
the things i said
that one i'm sure you could borrow that
one i'm sure yogi wouldn't mind at all
well thank you so much for being uh with
us i appreciate you taking time
i'm glad you're vaccinated people should
get vaccinated right
yeah absolutely they're you know and if
they got any qualms about it talk to
their doctor
you know we got to get vaccinated get
this country
back going and uh i'm happy i am i said
for those who haven't been vaccinated
it's a liberating feeling
to get vaccinated i agree with you it
really is
this is the book it's called out of many
one
portraits of america's immigrants it is
available now president george
w bush thank you mr president we'll be
back with my room
five hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it don't